UNION DISTINCT (#924)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/deprecations-additions-removals-compatibility.adoc

----
| New xref:clauses/finish.adoc[FINISH] clause, which can be optionally used to define a query that returns no result.

a|
label:syntax[]
label:new[]
[source, cypher, role=noheader]
----
  RETURN 1 AS a
UNION DISTINCT

>   RETURN 1 AS a

Reviewer: Is the indenting of the RETURN clauses intentional?

Author: I have seen people do this. UNION is one level up in the language structure compared to RETURN, hence, it is not an unreasonable thing to do. However, I should have checked how the documentation formats UNION and follow that.

So here we go:

```suggestion
RETURN 1 AS a
UNION DISTINCT
RETURN 1 AS a
```

----

> | New optional keyword DISTINCT after xref:clauses/union.adoc[UNION] as the explicit form of a UNION with duplicate removal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The keyword `DISTINCT` can now be added after a xref:clauses/union.adoc#union-distinct[UNION] as the explicit form of a `UNION` with duplicate removal.
```
